hey guys so my recent obsession has been
nail wraps all kinds of nail wraps not
one specific brand any brand all nail
wraps phone stop and for that purpose I
thought I would make a video showing you
guys on how I apply my nail wraps know
obviously everybody has a different
method everybody does it a different way
you may disagree with things i do that's
totally fine i just wanted to show you
guys what I do feel free to take out or
add whatever steps you feel like it
you'd like to do because really
everybody's bodies everybody's hair
everybody's nails everybody's faces are
all different so things might work for
me and they don't work for you so
whatever so without further ado here is
my tutorial ok so the nail strips i am
using in this tutorial are from NC la
and they are called the ink drop nail
strips they come with a nail file which
is super handy then the polish i'm using
is from color club and it is called
peace out purple now before you apply
your nail strips is really important to
make sure your nails are shaped just the
way you like them I find that the shape
of your nails definitely shows through a
lot more when you have strips over them
I also like to rough up the edges of my
nails I find that the strips do stay on
a little bit better when you're applying
them to a rough nail so next step I
apply some OPI bond day just to the
nails that I'm going to be applying the
nail wraps too and what this is is it's
a pH balancer that actually helps to
maximize the adhesion of artificial nail
products so all different things fake
nails nail wraps even nail polish then
to all of my nails I'm going to be
applying my dirty your juba coat which
is the base coat that I've been using
lately I don't know if it's helping my
nails grow if they seem to be a little
bit stronger but this is just what I've
been using on the regular
so this step is obviously optional I
like to peel the backing or Center
stripping whatever you want to call it
out from around the actual nail wraps I
find that it makes it a little easier to
remove them one at a time this way
so next up I measure which strip I think
will fit best on my finger I take my
tweezers and I carefully remove the wrap
from the actual backing and then I'm
going to Center it over my nail and kind
of it takes a lot of time to get it on
there you kind of set it down let
lightly at first and then you can kind
of push it down and get it more settled
in once you know that it's exactly where
you want it so after I have the wrap all
smooth down I then take another one of
my fingernails and I push it down
underneath the tip of my nail as much as
I can the reason for this is so that it
gives me a nice smooth sharp crisp edge
so when I file it off I am ensuring that
i get the smoothest most perfect most
amazing edge possible take a look boom
just like that
so I like to kind of throw nail wraps on
just random fingers it's I never put
them on every single one but this is
both my hands done with the wraps and
next up we are going to start painting
my nails with that color club shade for
the last step I come in with my favorite
top coat right now which is out the door
I put on every single nail especially
the ones with the wraps and then what I
do is I kind of run it along the tip of
the nail which I believe is called
capping it off just to make sure that
it's going to hold down the edge on the
tip of my nail obviously this helps to
add a bit of shine to those nail wraps
as well sometimes they're not super
shiny like a normal polish would be so
this kind of unifies everything as well
so here's the final product if you guys
want to see more nail the days for me
check out my instagram link is in the
description bar so that is it I hope you
guys enjoyed watching on me apply my
nail wraps and paint my nails if you do
have any questions please feel free to
ask them below and I'll do my best to
answer them remember to Like comment and
subscribe and thank you guys so much for
watching bye